you
hello once again everyone and welcome to
another fantastic nice new media
tutorial today we're gonna be learning
something in Windows Explorer
alright now I'm sure many of you have
heard someone say just drag and drop
that file and it just gotten completely
lost and confused I am here today to
tell you what drag and drop a file means
now what dragging and dropping a file
does is it takes a file from one folder
and puts it into another one so here
I've got my physics lab manual and I
want to put it in my school Dropbox
folder now what you maybe think is oh
that's easy I can right-click and choose
cut and then go over to the other one
and right-click and choose paste but
that is dumb okay don't want delete that
so what we're gonna do is we're going to
drag and drop the file now how you do
that I know you may be thinking there's
no keyboard shortcut it's like like drag
and drop so I'll show you what what is
going on where you can do is you're
going to click on the file that you want
to drag and you're gonna click and hold
now you're gonna keep holding down the
mouse button and you're gonna drag it
and see move it over to the folder that
you want to move it to and then to drop
you just let go of the mouse button then
it moves it just like that now let's
drag and drop it back if you just make
sure so click on the file
hold hold down the clicking button the
left click button drag it move your
mouse and let go and it moves it just
like that you don't have to right-click
or anything just click and you move your
mouse or drag and you let go now I hope
you've learned something today and I've
cleared up some confusion for you
there's been a Theo with another
fantastic nice new media tutorial hope
you have a wonderful night good bye